Listen! Are you listening?
Once again!
Alas! What is wrong with our child?
He's doesn't sleep or smile anymore.
Mukul! Aren't you
going to sleep tonight?
Everyone is sleeping. Won't you?
I'm drawing.
Okay, do it in the morning.
You'll catch a cold now.
Mukul!
This is a peacock.
I have seen a peacock before.
This is a camel.
We used to have camels at our house.
This is my house.
I am standing in front of my house.
This is the picture of a war.
I have seen that war.
And this is the fortress.
The Golden Fortress.
Alright, when did you
first notice this problem?
It has been two or three months.
Did you notice if this occurs
at a specific time?
He is absent minded
almost all the time.
His mind is always somewhere else.
I can't send him to school.
His mind is never on his studies.
He's always thinking
and drawing pictures.
He always claims those pictures
are of the place, where he was born.
Have you seen those?
The forts, mountains
and camels you speak about?
I used to live there.
Do you remember
when you lived there?
And the war, bows, arrows, swords...
Did you see all this?
I saw it.
Did you fight in the war yourself?
I was a child then.
What about when you grew up?
I haven't grown up.
Who was your father?
A King?
The king was someone else.
So, your Dad?
I used to have a ring on my finger.
A ring, like this?
- I have seen stones.
Stones? What kind of stones?
Red, blue, yellow,
all kind of stones!
Were they expensive stones?
Did they shine and sparkle?
Yes, they did.
These are new things he's saying.
Where were these stones?
At your house?
Yes.
Were you rich?
Did you have a big house?
No, a small house.
Where were these
stones kept? In a chest?
Or were they buried underground?
I don't think he
remembers everything.
He remembers certain things
and he says them.
Very interesting!
Tell me something,
Dr Hajra is taking him
to Rajasthan. Doesn't he object?
Why don't you ask him?
Will you go to Rajasthan
with the doctor?
I want to see the golden fortress.
The doctor will show it to me.
Say cheese.
Why?
Smile... if you smile
the picture will be better.
I do not feel like smiling.
There is no doubt that
all of the precious stones
that Mukul speaks of
were secretly kept in his house.
Hello... Hello?!
Hold on, man!
Hello?
This is Bose speaking.
- What is this concerning?
Did you read the
newspaper this morning?
Your call woke me up.
You should read it.
- What's in it?
On the last page, towards the end.
It's a good opportunity
if we invest wisely, we'll get rich.
Tell me in detail.
You read it, and I'll call you
after 10 minutes. - Okay.
Listen! Don't shout so much.
This is a public telephone.
How much longer?
It's been 20 minutes, already.
Wait! You should not be
impatient in this matter.
It's a golden opportunity.
Let us see for a while.
Get the picture! Come on!
Similar forehead,
nose...
Good! Hair...
Hey kid, turn your face towards us.
Darn it!
Mukul, look at that kite.
There it is!
Could you tell us where
7 Jatindas Lane is?
Number 7? That's the Fatiks' house.
Could you show us where it is?
We're from Baluchistan, so, we're
unfamiliar with Kolkata's streets.
Okay, let's go.
Does Pradosh Mitter live here?
Yes. Please come in.
Please sit down.
He's here.
You will have to wait for
another three and a half minutes.
What's the hurry? Look at him!
You are going to choke.
Look! He did not finish his milk.
He didn't even drink juice.
He thinks that Felu's clients
are his clients too.
Does that make any sense? God knows
what these two are up to now.
Our family is filled
with adventurous people.
I've never seen you be adventurous.
I'm the black sheep of the family.
But think about my elder brothers.
Second brother used to pull out
fox cubs from their holes.
He was just 10 years old then.
Felu is his son.
I am not taking about Felu.
He has chosen his profession.
But my son has to study.
He has to go to school.
Is there a teacher like Felu
at that school?
Greetings, are you...
Please be seated.
My name is Sudhir Dhar.
I own a book store
on College Street.
Kailash Chowdhury from Shyampukur
is a regular client.
He had a lot of good things
to say about you. No.
Tell me what the matter is.
- The matter is...
Have you seen this article?
Yes, I did.
Is Mukul your...
- Yes, he's my youngest son.
He's very famous now.
Is all of what he's saying true?
Can he really remember
his past life?
We don't understand it much,
but Dr Hajra says...
Do you mean Dr Hemanga Hajra,
the parapsychologist,
who recently returned from Canada?
- Yes.
We met at the store.
This mentions about going
to Rajasthan... - They already left.
Left already?
They left yesterday
morning by train.
They'll stay in Delhi for one day
and then they'll go to Rajasthan.
Do you think they went to Jodhpur?
- Yes, exactly!
Jodhpur is a obvious. West Rajasthan
has both sand and forts.
That's what Dr Hajra said.
He said, he was researching rebirth.
He wanted to take Mukul along.
If Mukul could recognise his place
of birth, a lot could be found.
Well, since you're in
the book business,
don't you have picture books
on Rajasthan?
I mean, didn't you have them?
The boy may be drawing pictures
because he saw them
and he is imagining it
to be his previous life.
Children often come up
with strange ideas.
I understand that.
But drawing in the middle
of the night...
Middle of the night?
It happens sometimes at 2 or 3 am.
Besides, take Dr Hajra for example.
Mukul doesn't know him.
But when he offered to show the
golden fortress, he was ready to go.
He has never stayed
away from his parents.
Yet, he didn't even look back.
Honestly speaking,
in the last few months,
we feel as if
we don't even know him.
He wasn't like this earlier.
He was very normal.
Are you worried because
your son has changed? Because...
No! That is not the case!
I have a problem
that I couldn't sleep
even for a second last night.
Is that related to the treasure
he mentioned? - Yes.
Yes, you're right. Printing it
in the paper has made it worse.
He gave a statement to the paper
about the treasure though.
Yes, he spoke about
expensive gemstones.
He said that those were
in his own house.
But his drawings show
ordinary houses.
Okay. - Another thing happened.
In our neighbourhood,
there is another boy, my son's age.
His name is Mukul too.
That boy was abducted
yesterday evening.
You mean, kidnapping!
- Yes.
From the neighbourhood?
He was returned this morning.
So, you're afraid
that they realised their mistake
and now they'll attack your son.
Yes.
Did that boy tell them
where your son went?
I don't know that yet.
The boy is unconscious.
He was left at the roadside
while he was unconscious.
A newspaper boy was
passing by on his bicycle.
He recognised the boy
and notified his parents.
He lives three houses down the lane,
Shivratan Mukherjee's house.
The boy is his grandson.
When I heard the news,
I came immediately to you.
I know that I, probably,
shouldn't have come to you.
We are ordinary people.
We have nothing to offer.
But if you're willing to go
there, I'll pay the fare.
Do you have a telephone?
Yes, in my book store.
If you call me after 10 am,
you can reach me.
3 4 5 6 3 4.
Okay, I will let you know
by this afternoon.
How can I thank you?
- No need.
I haven't done anything yet.
Yet, I'm grateful for being able
to share my story with you.
I'll take your leave now.
'Number 7 up, '
'Toofan Express will leave
from platform number 8'
' at 9:35 am.'
'Attention, please!'
'Number 7 up, '
'Toofan Express'
'will leave from
platform number 8...' - Here!
M Bose. A N Barman.
Let's go.
The study of parapsychology
deals with
understanding the abstract
thinking of human mind.
For example,
you are thinking about
an old friend of yours.
That's when he calls you.
People will say it's an accident,
but a parapsychologist
would explain it as telepathy.
Telepathy?
- Yes.
Your friend call you
because you were thinking about him.
It's telepathy.
Understood?
- Yes.
If you're thinking that I am going
to Rajasthan on this case,
and that you will miss school
and go to Rajasthan with me,
that isn't final yet.
You will definitely take this case.
How do you know?
- Telepathy.
Don't act smart!
Do you know how much work I have?
First of all, we have to create
a small budget.
This guy isn't as rich
as Kailash Chowdhury.
He isn't like Harish Poddar
from Janglipur either.
He can't write checks of
thousands of rupees.
Probably, I will have
to spend some money.
You always say that
money isn't everything.
That's true, especially when
a 6 year-old boy's life
is in danger.
But if we want to save him,
we will need some money.
I feel I have to bear the expenses.
We have to book train tickets.
We will have to change trains
to go to Jodhpur.
We need to book accommodations
in Jodhpur.
We need warm clothes.
It's very cold there.
We will have to go to
Uncle Sidhu's house once.
Why?
I need some information.
Hemanga Hajra.
10 years ago, he was involved
in some kind of mess.
What was it?
I don't remember. That's why we need
to go to your know-it-all uncle.
'62...
In 1962...
This is...
I've found it.
In 1962,
in Allahabad,
a man pretending to be
a preacher named Bhabananda,
along with a scoundrel
of an assistant of his,
started a heinous business
of treating illnesses
using a unique process
called hypnosis.
In 18th century Europe,
such a thing was tried by
Anton Mesmer.
Bhabananda's business was booming.
That's when Hemanga Hajra
went to visit them.
And he caught the fraud.
Yes, as a result,
Bhabananda was exposed
and Bhabananda and his assistant...
- Ran away!
Now I remember.
Does this have anything to do
with that kid, Mukul Dhar?
Thank God, you aren't a detective,
or I'd be out of a job.
If I wanted, I could have driven
many people out of job.
So, I didn't do anything.
I kept my mind open to
new possibilities
so that I remain fresh and happy.
Or...
You are a detective.
Your business depend
on people's negative side.
But don't let that
pull your mind into darkness.
I've also kept my mind open.
Have you?
Who was William James Herschel?
William James Herschel.
An Englishman.
ICS.
He was posted in Bengal once.
In 1880, his letter was published
in Nature magazine in England.
This letter was the first to
indicate that fingerprints
could be used to catch criminals.
Bravo!
Give me your hand.
Bless you, my child!
How do you like this fort, Mukul?
This is not the golden fort.
Do you know the name of this place?
Delhi.
Do you remember the place
where your golden fort was?
Try to remember.
No, I don't remember.
Come here, child.
They are here to see you.
They are good people. Look what
they have brought for you.
Since you are so brave,
I'm giving you this gift.
Great, look what's in here.
A pistol!
Be careful, it's loaded.
Yes!
Are you happy?
Now answer
whatever question they have.
I'll tell you
whatever he told us.
Last evening,
he went to the next lane
to collect a severed kite.
Neelu asked me to get it.
Yes, Neelu did.
- Where was Neelu?
He was on the terrace
of the house opposite.
Did he call you by your name?
- Yes.
After that, when he went, a car
stopped at the entry of the lane.
A taxi?
- No.
An ordinary car. Black.
Two men came out of the car
and asked him to show an address.
The Fatiks' house.
How did the two men look?
They had beards.
- Both of them?
Yes. They said
they were from Baluchistan.
Lies!
- Then?
They covered my eyes and mouth
and took me to a house.
Then they asked,
'Where is the golden fortress?'
I told them, I did not know,
but Mukul did.
Then they asked me
what my name was.
I told them my name was Mukul too.
Then they said, 'Mistake!'.
Then...
After that,
they asked
where the other Mukul was.
I said that he had gone away.
They asked where.
- I told them...
Jaipur.
- You said Jaipur!
No, Jodhpur.
After that,
they gave me a glass of milk.
I told them that I didn't like milk.
They forcefully opened my mouth
and fed it to me.
After that,
I started feeling sleepy.
Do you see why I'm worried?
Here you go,
this is Dr Hajra's business card.
I have written two lines
on the back of it.
Great!
That is a wise decision...
What about the telegram?
- You left after asking me.
I couldn't do it.
An English professor of City College
arrived at my shop then.
Please send me a telegram
once you reach. - Certainly.
Look at this.
'Pradosh Mitter,
arriving Jodhpur on 11th.'
Tomorrow is 9th.
You are leaving tomorrow.
'Hence, arriving Jodhpur on 11th'
'to ensure Mukul's safety against
possible criminal activity.'
Nice.
- He add a 'regards' with it.
'Number 7 up, Toofan Express'
'will leave from platform number 8'
'at 9:35 am.'
'Number 7 up, Toofan Express'
'will leave from platform number 8'
'at 9:35 am.'
'You may go.'
'Have tea!'
'Be careful of the bags!'
It is not what you are thinking.
Two sixes.
Mukul, do you want to eat something?
I have food for you.
I eat bread.
Bread?
- Round and thick.
Now or did you eat them earlier?
I used to.
Who used to make them? Your mother?
It has climbed a ladder.
How? You got a 5.
How did you climb the ladder?
What do you mean 5?
I thought it was a 4.
- A 4!
Do I have cataract now?
You don't have cataract.
You are drunk.
You'll be fine if you drink less.
Now slide back down again.
- Okay.
Tell me, Mukul, did you have
a treasure at your house?
Treasure?
You told the reporters
that expensive stones were
hidden at your house.
No, I didn't.
Didn't you?
Didn't you have
red, blue stones at your house?
There were.
My father used to carve stones.
Did he?
Yes.
Were those stones
used in making jewellery?
Yes.
I see.
A lapidary!
A gem cutter.
I'm going outside to the corridor.
Go ahead.
It's over now, you've been
grabbed by the snake. What happened?
What happened?
- I'll be right back.
Come back soon.
Then we'll play ludo.
Excuse me.
Mukul?
What are you waiting for?
Mukul, would you like
to see a magic trick?
What magic?
Watch...
Vanish!
Did you see? Now look.
I have more. Give me. Look!
You're going to see the
golden fortress, I presume? - Yes.
Is it in Jodhpur?
I don't know.
He doesn't know.
Expensive stones?
Diamonds, rubies, emeralds?
- What's in that bottle?
A drink made of cane sugar,
have you ever tasted it?
I'm going now.
I'll walk you back.
- Okay.
Where did he go?
Who? - The man who
showed me a magic trick.
Wow, in this short time,
you saw a magic trick!
Sit down, now you have to eat.
Oh no!
- What happened?
Hajra is the same man, whom we know.
So what?
That's okay.
But he could've seen me
within a moment.
So what? It was a long time ago.
Back in 1962, you had
long beards and longer hair.
You were even wearing a robe.
How would he recognise?
Yes!
I didn't even think about that!
- You never do.
We will kill two birds
with one stone.
We will catch that boy
and we'll seek revenge on Hajra.
Kill him!
- Yes.
He ruined my life!
You know how many professions
we've changed in the last 10 years.
Yes, yes! At least a
couple of hundred.
I don't even have
two to three suits!
At least, you have your own.
All my clothes are borrowed.
Top to bottom!
No!
I won't let him win.
So, give it to me.
What?
We can't go into a war
without weapons.
I'm the one that has to do the job.
What is the use of
keeping it with you?
Who said there is no other way
to kill than a gun?
Go and befriend him.
That's your first job.
What are you waiting for?
Hold on!
Did you figure out
how you will introduce yourself?
You don't have to
think of those things.
I scored a 56 in my board exams.
- In what subject?
Geography.
Okay.
Now...
Look!
Take it. Let me show you.
It is better this way.
Look!
Do you like it?
You are not only smart in geography,
but you have other qualities too.
I've learned all this abroad.
I've met a lot of magicians.
Do you carry the equipment along?
There isn't a shortage
of children in the world.
I'm only glad to
make children happy.
You are going to Jodhpur, right?
There is a fort on the way.
Then we will go to Jodhpur.
The golden fort?
It could be.
Where is that again?
Jaipur City.
Nahargar Fort.
I see. In my train compartment
there is a man, Mr Bagchi.
He is researching about forts.
I think he mentioned that name.
We'll reach at 7:30.
After we see the fort,
We'll go to Jodhpur
by the evening train. - I see.
Porter!
There you are!
We should leave our
things at the station.
Obviously! You can't climb up
the mountain carrying all this.
Let's go, porter.
Topshe, eat this sweet.
The train is delayed.
We will reach Kanpur late.
The breakfast will be late.
Beautiful scenery!
It reminds me of Spain.
I'm worried.
If Mukul and Mr Hajra
stayed in Delhi for a day
and if those people left
the day before yesterday,
they may be on the same train.
They won't do anything to Mukul.
They won't do anything yet,
because Mukul is
their key to the treasure.
And Dr Hajra?
If they could kidnap
a 7 year-old child
and leave him unconscious
on the roadside,
I don't think they'd show mercy
to a 50 year-old professor.
Go ahead, sir.
- What's wrong?
I have a pebble in my shoe.
It's okay. There is no train
to Jodhpur before evening.
Did you notice something?
- What?
There's another fort.
Where?
- Look over there!
Way over there!
Take out your binoculars to see it.
This isn't the golden fort!
This is another fort.
This isn't the golden fort.
I agree. Let's leave immediately.
We have to see even more forts.
Where is he?
- Who?
Mr Hajra?
- Vanish!
Did you do a magic trick?
- Yes, it's magic!
Won't he come back?
- Crazy! He was scared of camels.
He said what if they kicked him
with their twisted legs!
He's a very irresponsible man.
Who will show me the golden fort?
Why? We'll show you.
Consider him to be Dr Hajra.
Come on, doctor.
He is Dr Hajra too!
Yes, he is Dr Hajra too. There are
many people named Dr Hajra.
I know four people named Dr Hajra.
I know another boy named Mukul.
Do you, really? That's great!
Kanpur.
Porter!
Breakfast.
Come here.
Be careful! The suitcase is from
Japan. It's imported! Put it here.
Put it down!
Careful!
Put the luggage under the bench.
Move.
And this... Keep it here.
Yes.
Take it.
Don't whine,
this is more than enough!
Go!
Piping hot tea!
How far are you both going?
Jodhpur.
I am also going there.
I want to write a story on Jodhpur.
A suspense thriller!
Up to date,
I have written 27 stories.
All of them published.
Here you go,
this is my latest one.
It is based on characters,
who live in the Gobi Desert.
'Mighty Enemy!'
Are you Jatayu?
That's my pen name.
My real name is Lal Mohan Ganguly.
When the evil Ravan had abducted
Sita and was taking her away,
the bird Jatayu tried to stop him.
Jatayu was an amazing bird.
That's my pen name.
Do you know how to read Bengali?
I can speak too.
Where did you learn?
Kolkata.
What?
You may carry on with Hindi.
It sounds amazing.
Darn it, sir!
I'm a Bengali through and through.
Why would I speak Hindi willingly?
Look at this.
Here, I've been
roaming around with this.
You seem to be travelling
from a long time.
Yes, since December 15th.
I can tell by the colour of
your skin under your watch band.
Watch?
Wow!
You have amazing observation,
just like a detective.
Do you read detective novels?
My cousin reads them.
Really? Very nice.
Yes, I've read many of your books.
- Really? Name them.
'Shivering in Sahara',
'Havoc in Honduras'
'Mishap in Myanmar.'
- Amazing!
You haven't read this, right?
This is my latest publication.
Here, let me autograph it for you.
What's your name?
Topesh Ranjan Mitter.
Let me take down your name
and address since we just met.
Pradosh Mitter. 21, Rajani Sen Road,
Kolkata 700029.
700029.
Pin code.
Pradosh Mitter!
Are you a swimmer?
English Channel...
Dhakuria Lake.
Why are you going to Jodhpur?
A vacation?
Something like that.
Your face reminds me
of my stories' hero.
Like Prakhar Rudra?
Correct! Prakhar Rudra.
Height: 6 feet 3.5 inches.
Chest: 46 inches.
Waist: 32 inches. Shoulder:
22 inches. Wrist: 8.5 inches. Right?
No.
- No?
What is your chest size?
Only 26 inches.
Waist?
Same.
Are you a pig?
Is there a doctor here?
You must know about
the Aravalli Mountain Range.
The length is 480 km. Height of
highest peak in Mount Abu is 1722 m.
There aren't many trees,
mostly sand and stones.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm asking about the bandits there.
That place is full of scary bandits.
I've heard that too.
My next novel will be based on that.
What do you think?
Write a novel if you want,
but don't get hurt in the process.
Do you mean that?
- Definitely.
Shouldn't I trust this either?
This is for self-defence.
I bought it in Nepal.
Do you know how bandits in Aravalli
punish their enemies?
Behead them?
No, they cut off their nose.
- Nose?
Yes, and then leave them.
I'll have to write about this then!
But this is good, what say?
Guess how much it costs.
Rs 50.75.
The money label
is still on the handle.
You have amazing observation!
I must take advantage of you.
Would you like to take me
on your adventure?
Can you ride on a camel?
Camel? Will I have to ride a camel?
Probably.
Oh my!
That's my dream.
Such a strange animal!
It carries its own water supply
in the stomach
and travels miles after
miles in the desert.
I already gave that
information in my book.
Did you know where?
- It's in 'Shivering in Sahara'.
Correct. - Did you write that
they carry water in their stomach?
Yes, this is its 6th edition.
For the 7th,
you should correct it. - What?
A camel gets water supply from
its hump, which is accumulated fat.
Camels oxidise the fat to get water.
It has nothing
to do with its stomach.
By the grace of God,
your bones aren't broken.
I think you should rest for the day.
I'll send you food from my home.
The child
is in danger, doctor.
How can I rest now?
Don't you know anyone in Jodhpur?
No.
Then do one thing.
Inform the police
as soon as you reach Jodhpur.
The main problem
is that my passport, ID,
everything is in my suitcase.
Circuit House.
He has bookings at Circuit House.
- I see.
You need new clothes, right?
Could you please give
me a local outfit?
You want to wear Rajasthani outfit?
It will help me disguise myself.
Hey! Help me to move this down.
Okay.
You took all the money.
Give me some of it.
He took all the money along.
There is nothing here.
Put this down.
We have a lot of work to do.
I need to study a few things.
So, I don't get any rewards
for this hard work!
Mukul, what are you singing?
Please sign here, doctor.
Here is the key.
This telegram is for you.
Mukul, let's go.
Are we in the same room?
- Yes.
You have reservations
for Mr Barman and Mr Bose, right?
Mr Barman has thrombosis,
he could not come.
Won't Mr Harja join us?
Send some tea in my room.
Dr Hajra!
What happened?
Did they send a bodyguard
for the boy?
Bodyguard, detective, lizard...
Call him whatever you want.
Pradosh Mitter!
Do you know him?
It doesn't matter if I don't.
The question is if Dr Hajra does.
Then you'll get caught.
The game will be over.
Do we have a choice?
What if he doesn't know him?
- Then there isn't much risk.
But there is still a chance.
- Yes, there is.
The 11th?
That means today.
Today...
Since they didn't arrive
by the morning train,
they may arrive by evening.
Will the lizard eat the scorpion
or will the scorpion eat the lizard?
What are you thinking?
I have an empty jar in my room.
Are you planning to catch it?
You'll catch it.
Find another solution.
Do you know how dangerous it is?
I'll be dead meat.
Do you want a share
of the treasure or not?
Okay, give me the jar.
Piping hot tea!
Thank you very much, doctor.
Do exactly as I told you.
Take care of yourself
and I wish you best of luck.
Thank you, doctor. Thank you.
Wonderful tea!
The tea is ordinary,
but it's probably camel milk.
Camel? Amazing animal!
Hey!
Highly suspicious!
Taxi, sir?
Yes, Circuit House.
Pick up the luggage.
Let's go. We'll drop you off.
- Okay, let's share the price.
Sure.
Mister!
Be careful with the luggage.
Please sign here.
Dr Hajra.
What room is Dr Hajra in?
- Number one.
Where is that room?
- The door behind you.
Room number 3 for you.
May I go with him?
- Yes, and take this.
Are you Bengali?
You too?
- There is another man.
A witchdoctor.
- A witchdoctor?
He is interested in past life.
He has no interest in the present.
Does he have a child with him?
A child?
He says he's 750 years old.
I need to speak to him.
- They are in room number one.
Greetings.
- Greetings.
Are you Dr Hajra?
- Yes.
Did you receive the telegram
from Mr Sudhir Dhar?
Yes, but you are...
- I am Pradosh Mitter.
Here's my card.
- I see.
And this is a letter from Mr Dhar.
What is the matter?
- I'll tell you.
Before that, let me acquaint
myself with Mukul.
Mukul, look.
Two guests have come to see you.
I'm Felu and this is Topshe.
What are you drawing, Mukul?
Mukul!
The golden fort.
Have a seat.
Wow! The scorpion is nice.
Is it still in the jar?
Didn't you notice
anything out of the ordinary?
No phone call, enquiry
or anything else!
Nothing yet.
Although, I had no idea, or
I would've tried to keep an eye.
It's okay, I'm here.
If anything seems strange,
let me know.
Of course.
It is my responsibility, after all.
You went to Allahabad, right?
I heard how you had
caught Bhabananda.
It's a long story.
- Did you go out today?
I took him to see the fort here.
But it was no use.
We didn't even get out of the car.
Yet, you have sand in your shoes.
Nahargarh.
Nahargarh?
- There was sand at Nahargarh.
Nahargarh? The fort near Jaipur?
Since we had to pass by Jaipur,
so I decided to show him
the fort there.
You had to change the train.
Yes. We went by the morning train
and came by the evening one.
Vanish.
Vanish?
The bad guy vanished.
Which bad guy, Mukul?
The bad guy,
who is afraid of camels.
Aren't you afraid of camels?
I have ridden camels.
We had camels at my house.
I...
I'm not sure when he transitions
from his past life to present.
What is your plan for tomorrow?
- We're going to Bikaner tomorrow.
That's my only job now.
Okay, we'll accompany you.
May I borrow this
parapsychology journal? - Sure.
Let's go, Topshe.
Are there other Bengalis
in this Circuit House?
It's just you, us
and Mr Bose, the globetrotter.
Do you mean the person
I met outside? He is a globetrotter!
Yes. That's him.
Interesting! I'll see you later.
Serious, isn't he?
Are you talking about Mukul?
Yes, he didn't talk to me at all.
He's not in a normal state of mind.
He is in a confused state.
Until he is out of this state,
it is
unfair to expect him
to behave normally.
He has left his family behind
and now he is looking for
the golden fortress
in the west of Rajasthan
with a complete stranger.
Why does he speak of this fort
so much? Is it really made of gold?
I don't think anything
like that exists.
Then?
That means,
we need to think about it.
Golden opportunity doesn't mean
it's made of gold.
Golden Bengal,
or golden crop...
Are these made of gold?
Those people didn't come here yet.
Perhaps they couldn't
book train tickets.
Or they may be staying elsewhere.
What if they don't come at all?
Then there's nothing to worry about.
Felu!
Call the attendant.
Topshe, come and see.
You may not get another chance to
see such a creature from this close.
Look at the hook on its tail.
What if it stings?
Extremely poisonous!
Children and elderly people
will die. We'll be half dead.
Look!
How did this get into the room?
I'm not sure.
Make sure this is gone
and bring me a clean glass, please.
What happened?
I heard some noise here.
Look at this.
Oh my God!
I've seen such a thing abroad!
This is pure Indian.
Think about it!
Are you here on a vacation?
Look at the beginning!
You can't even rest somewhere.
Sit down, sir.
- Okay.
So, you're a globetrotter.
You already know that!
Which places have you been to?
Which places have I been to?
Where haven't I
been is the question.
I left home when I was 16
and I returned last October,
26 years later.
I'm surprised
your Bengali accent hasn't changed.
You still sound
as if you're from North Kolkata.
Of course.
Once you are abroad,
you may forget Bengali in 3 months.
But if you don't want to,
you will never.
I came in contact Bengalis often.
I was in ivory business in Kenya
for 5 years.
My partner was a Bengali.
You are going to Bikaner
tomorrow, right?
Why don't you join us?
If there's a big group, I can go.
Are you coming to dinner?
- Yes, definitely.
I'll see you then.
Let me check if my room is safe.
I'm going.
He has returned home after 26 years.
Did you see his shoes?
It was an Indian brand.
- Right.
I wouldn't be surprised
if his jacket was bought in Kolkata.
What do you mean?
We have to keep an eye on him.
Topshe,
get out the torch.
We can't stay relaxed
anymore, Topshe.
Good morning.
- Good morning.
Are you still okay?
- Nothing has happened, yet.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
- Your taxi is here.
Good. Send this telegram.
It's urgent.
Let's see what you're carrying.
Okay, keep them in the car.
Good morning!
- Good morning.
Is this your disguise?
Great place, this is!
I challenged the hotel manager
for a fist fight.
He refused.
- How lucky!
What?
- I'm talking about him.
Let me introduce you.
This is the renowned mystery
author, Lal Mohan Ganguly
and this is Mr Bose, a globetrotter.
Wow.
Amazing! What are you saying?
I must get to know you better.
I bet you have many exciting
experiences in your life.
Except for being boiled
in a pot by a cannibal...
Everything else.
- Ready?
Are we going to see
the golden fort today? - Yes, son.
What is that by your ear?
- This is a new style.
Really?
- You didn't know?
Let's go then. Mr Ganguly
and Mr Bose will go in the same car.
Are you going to see a fort?
Not the Jodhpur one. Bikaner.
Bikaner? That's...
That's where the fort is.
- Wow!
We'll share the taxi fare,
otherwise I won't go.
Okay, get in.
Are we going to pass by
the marketplace?
I need something to protect my head.
One more.
Give me a toothbrush.
Yes. Okay.
I have the same problem as Mr Bose.
What?
- I need something too.
Give me that blue one.
Why are you here? - I need something
for the 480 km trip too.
480 km? Bikaner is 480 km?
Around 480 km.
- I see.
You should buy a straw hat.
- How much?
Have you ever been to Kathmandu?
Have you ever been to Kamchatka?
I'd like to show you something.
Only you can appreciate it.
This is an unsafe razor.
This belonged to King Jang Bahadur.
Wow! The rust is enough
to explain that.
Why do you have it?
Well, sir,
don't you think I should carry
some protection in Rajasthan?
Which side are you on?
The Mughals or Rajputs?
Driver, are there bandits
in Rajasthan?
Yes, there are, sir.
- See?
Are you expecting
a razor fight in Rajasthan?
Wow! Wonderful!
That would be a great name.
Let me write it down.
The book will sell
because of its name.
'Razor fight in Rajasthan!'
I used a dagger like this
to kill a wolf.
Where?
Tanganika. It was a dense forest
and I was alone.
Tanganika?
Yes, it's in Africa.
Haven't you heard of it?
I have a novel on Africa.
'Shivering in Sahara'.
That Africa!
Then...
What if it was hyena?
A hyena?
- Yes.
Instead of a wolf,
did you kill a hyena?
What rubbish are you saying?
Hyenas are in China.
I killed a wolf,
but you don't believe!
There aren't wolves in Africa.
Aren't there? Have you been there?
No. I never went there.
Then how would you know?
There are wolf preserves in Africa.
Did you see that type
of cactus plant? Look at that.
It blossoms every Saturday.
Every single Saturday!
You do not know about this country,
yet you're arguing about Africa.
Are you a parapsychologist?
Did you say something?
I don't think you had
a good sleep last night.
I have to stay up late
to write notes, that's why.
Well, I find it really interesting
that hypnotism is used
in parapsychology.
So, can new theories really
emerge through hypnotism?
That's what they say.
Do you know hypnotism?
No, do you?
Look! A peacock! A peacock!
Won't you come out?
Actually, the peacocks are...
Are you allergic?
Look at this scar.
I was at the zoo, holding
the wires of a peacock's cage.
Did it bite you?
Yes, 40 years ago.
Wow! The national bird!
There's one thing
I should warn you about.
Keep an eye on Mr Globetrotter.
I just want us
to be safe than sorry.
I see.
I'll keep that in mind.
Mukul!
Why do you keep showing me
the wrong fort?
Mukul,
if you had told us
the name of the place,
we would have
immediately taken you there.
I'm hungry now.
I kept telling you to eat,
but you did not.
What's wrong? Is he sick?
No, he's very sad.
Why?
He cannot find his golden fortress.
Golden fortress?
You all go look at it.
I'll feed him.
Let's go. I'll tell you
everything while at the fort.
I'll make everything
clear for you on this matter.
Let's go, Mr Bose.
You go ahead.
I have to go to the bathroom.
They've built a fort
at every nook and cranny!
How much longer do you want to get
duped? Money is running out.
What are you doing?
Why are they suspicious about you?
- Who is?
Who else? The detective.
What have you done? - I didn't
make any mistake with him.
Then where? - I didn't remember that
there were not wolves in Africa.
I'll manage everything. Don't worry.
We can't waste more time.
I understand that.
How are you going to hurry this?
There's a way.
Hypnotism can help
in recalling the past life.
Will you hypnotise him?
I haven't done it in years.
So, I'm not sure.
Don't think about that.
It's like riding a bicycle.
Once you learn, you
can never forget how to ride it.
Do it now.
Now, I'll manage the others.
This is amazing! I had never
imagined that I'd meet someone
who remembers his past life.
- That man is a parapsychologist!
He is renowned.
You can't guess it
by the way he looks.
You don't look like
a suspense thriller writer either.
You are just like a detective.
One more thing! Highly suspicious!
There you are!
I was wondering where you were.
How was my story?
What story?
The wolves.
I was testing your knowledge.
Well done! Not many people know
that there are no wolves in Africa.
What say, Mr Mitter?
- Not many people except you and me.
This man does.
I need to read your book. Do you
have a copy of Kidnapping in Sahara?
Kidnapping!
You are a very funny man!
Eat quickly. Eat quickly.
Here. Wipe your face.
Don't go too far.
I'll be in the car.
Mukul.
Open the door, open the door!
What's the matter?
He was calling me.
- Who?
The bad guy. - Which bad guy? Is he
from this life or your past life?
I don't like this
whole situation, Topshe.
I don't like it.
A view
is forming in my head
and then getting lost again.
There are some people.
Some of them are wearing masks.
Some are in a faint light
and some are in the dark.
One suspect is Mandar Bose.
Certainly. He is in
the mask of a globetrotter.
Who is he really?
Is he one of those two people?
What about the man with bandages?
He was spying
on the Circuit House at night.
Is he the second con artist?
Do they want the hidden treasure?
Or is it someone else
with another motive?
Who else?
And Dr Hajra.
Dr Hajra had exposed Bhabananda.
However, is he also wearing one?
In that car today,
he was sitting next to a person,
who knows his past life.
We could've seen
the golden fort within a few hours.
Yet, he was dozing. Why?
Probably, he's too frustrated now.
Dr Hajra?
Dr Hajra is the first person.
There is someone else who is more
suspicious than him.
Who?
Mukul's bad guy.
The one who feared camels
and then vanished.
Where did he go?
When?
Why did Mukul use the word vanish?
Why can't we ask Mukul that?
Very good, Topshe.
I was thinking the same thing.
Besides, past life recollections,
what else does this boy know?
Can you tell me what this is, Mukul?
A pen.
And now?
- Light.
If you look at this light,
you can see the golden fort.
Where is it?
See this light!
Inside this light!
- Where?
Not here. Come with me.
Come on.
Come and sit here.
Now
I'll put this light on your face,
and you'll stare at it. Okay?
Will I be able to see
the golden fort then?
Ready?
- Ready.
Mukul, stare at the light.
Keep staring at the light.
The golden fort.
Mukul, can you hear me?
Yes, I can.
Where is your golden fort?
What is the name of that place?
Do you remember?
Jai...
Jaipur.
- Quiet.
Jai...
Tell me!
Sal...
Mer.
Turn on the lights.
Jaisalmer.
Jaisalmer! 320 km from here.
There is a train.
- What time?
9:45 am. That will
go to Pokhran. 130 km.
We have to drive
the remaining distance.
Why don't you just take
the car the whole way?
No, you'll take the car.
Me?
- Yes.
Just listen to my plan.
I'll tell them
that I wanted to rest for a day.
They will take that opportunity
to visit Jodhpur Fort.
I'll then go to the station
and you'll stay here.
When they return, tell them Mukul
recalled the name of that place.
That Dr Hajra took Mukul there.
Where did they go?
Barmer. Will you remember?
Barmer?
- Barmer.
Should I send them to Barmer?
- They will leave on their own.
What if they ask
why you didn't wait for them?
Tell them Mukul was in a hurry.
Okay, boss.
Then you'll leave at that time.
Pokhran?
- Pokhran, in the taxi.
I'll meet you there.
- You'll meet me there.
Then we'll go to Jaisalmer.
- Jaisalmer.
Okay, boss.
Go and put the boy to bed.
Go.
Mukul,
can I click your photo?
Good morning.
Did you have breakfast?
- Yes.
I wake up early.
I like to workout first.
That's why, you look very fit.
What are you doing today?
- Rest.
Mukul needs that too.
I need some time to
think about things too.
Anything new?
I was thinking
that camels, sand,
forts and peacocks...
Could they not have been
in another country?
What if they are?
His past life may not
have been in India.
I never even thought
about that before.
I wanted to speak
to Mukul some time today.
Alright. You are going out, right?
We will talk after you return.
I have been wondering about
something since yesterday.
Why is your research
based on such strange things?
This country
is full of superstitions.
Do you think rebirth
should be discussed here?
Soon, many young boys will
claim to recall their past lives.
How many boys will you
take through the country?
Good morning!
- Don't let him go.
What?
- Let's go out.
In this?
- Yes.
Please wait.
I'm also leaving for Jaipur.
Leaving?
- Yes, this place is too dry for me.
Topshe, keep an eye on the road.
Why, Felu?
If you see a man covered in
a red shawl, tell me immediately.
What's going on?
We are looking for mysteries,
just like you.
I see, a mystery!
I've always wanted to be involved
in a real mystery
with a real detective.
That probably won't happen.
Mr Das speaking?
Das is not there?
What?
Dr Hajra?
I see.
I see. Thank you.
None of the people you mentioned
is at Circuit House.
There was a small boy, who
left Circuit House with Dr Hajra.
No one knows where they went.
My God!
Look, I am Dr Hajra!
He's an imposter! A criminal!
I'm a renowned parapsychologist.
What?
- Do you know what telepathy is?
Telepathy?
- Yes.
No, sir.
Hypnosis?
- No, sir.
Telephone, yes.
Telegraph, yes.
Telescope, yes.
Teleprinter, yes.
But no telepathy.
- I see.
Tell me something, sir.
What?
Was there ever a war in Jaisalmer?
The guide books don't mention that.
But I need to find out about it.
I know there was.
It was a long time ago.
Alauddin Khilji attacked Jaisalmer.
Look at the beautiful stone pottery!
Have you ever seen
this yellow stones?
Stop!
Show me the yellow bowl
on your window.
The small one?
- Yes, that's the one.
Beautiful!
These are quite solid!
How much for these?
Rs 25 for this.
Where did you get this from?
This is from Jaisalmer.
It's great quality. Please take it.
Jaisalmer?
Yellow limestone.
Lal Mohan, let's go.
Where are you going?
That room is locked.
What?
- They left almost an hour ago.
Where to?
The child remembered the place.
I've written on this paper.
B A R M E R.
Barmer?
- Exactly!
I haven't heard that name before.
Why did they leave in such a hurry?
The child became restless
and even ripped off
the sleeve on his shirt.
Barmer?
He told me to tell you to follow him
immediately. He's waiting for you.
I have been waiting for you.
My car just arrived too.
The boy has left!
What's wrong? You seem...
Do you want to have some?
A bowl made of golden stone.
Can you show me
the guest record book please?
Oh my God!
I need a taxi to Jaisalmer and back.
Topshe, tell them we need three
packed lunches within half an hour.
Let's find out
how strong Felu Mitter's
telepathy is.
Let's find out how smart
Bhabananda is.
Earthquake.
Floods.
Storm.
This doesn't fit into anything.
Oh no!
Topshe, pack your luggage.
Mr Lal Mohan...
- Yes?
You have done me
a huge favour by guiding me
towards the bowl
made with golden stone.
So, I'm giving you a chance
to fulfil your hearty wish.
Okay.
How long will it take you
to pack your bags?
Three minutes.
Three!
Oh no!
I'll tell you everything
when the time is right.
But for now,
you can't ask questions.
Could you give me your word?
Sure.
Yes.
Oh, so you are planning
to go to Jaisalmer!
I won't let you go.
Can I ask where we're going?
Jaisalmer.
It was the capital of Bhati Kingdom.
800 year-old fort stands
in the middle of Thar Desert.
The bowl you found
is made of the same
golden stone that the
palace was made from.
So, we can conclude
that only one palace in Rajasthan
can be known as the golden fort.
And my firm belief...
I am here to give a tip to Mr Mitter
before I leave.
Go on. A man...
Doubt any man who is
under 5 feet 6 inches.
I'll see you then.
Do you know what I think?
What?
We'll see each other again.
I'll be extremely overjoyed
if that happens. Bye, Mr Mitter.
Bye, Jatayu.
Brazilian scorpion.
Let me write that down
Lal Mohan, look! There's a camel!
Can I ask you a question
about camels? - Sure.
Are these wild camels?
Probably not.
What do they eat then?
Plants with thorns.
Do they take out the thorns?
No.
I won't ask a question,
but I have something to say.
May I?
- Say it.
If we are going to experience
a life threatening situation,
I hope you have a weapon
for self-defence.
That's because mine is stolen.
Who took it?
One of the innumerable bandits
of this bandit infested country.
I just
have this left with me.
I could've told that bandit that
the sheath is equally expensive.
Hence, if you are in trouble...
Are your tires old?
Come and see the condition.
Yes, I have a telepathic power!
We came in the right direction, and
that's why someone wants to stop us!
This is our opportunity.
Topshe, let's move these!
Mr Singh, please drive carefully.
Another tire puncture
will cause us problems.
No questions.
Mr Lal Mohan?
Two extremely
dangerous men
have taken Mukul to Jaisalmer,
in the hope of finding a treasure.
When we reach there,
we may have to fight with them.
If you're up for the challenge,
then your next book can
be about this adventure.
Now may I ask you question?
Yes, you may.
Are you a detective?
Yes,
but I'm nothing like Prakhar Rudra.
Private investigator!
And Topesh Ranjan is my assistant.
Are we now chasing bandits now?
Bandits, yes.
But they aren't from Aravalli,
but from Kolkata.
If you are even a little hesitant,
we can drop you at Pokhran.
Why?
- You'll get a train there.
You want me to go back!
I'm telling you
there is danger ahead.
Danger?
You're trying to scare me!
I'm Jatayu!
Mr Singh!
Who did this?
Who gathered this many shards of
glass and put them on the road?
Why don't you guess?
Felu!
There are no cities
or villages around.
No train line either.
We wouldn't have caught the train.
They have reached Pokhran by now.
It could run late though.
Mr Singh!
If another taxi comes, can
we get a spare tire from them?
Yes, but not too many cars
drive on this road.
Where is the nearest train station?
Ramdeora is around 11-12 km.
Are you thinking
about a train at night?
The night train
reaches Ramdeora at 3 am.
If we wait at the station, the taxi
can come come and meet us there.
Or we can catch the train.
What time will we reach Jaisalmer?
At 7:30 in the morning.
Do you want to go to Ramdeora?
Unless the car is fixed, we'll
have to catch a train, right?
Do you want to ride on camels? Look!
Yes, stop them.
- Hey! Stop!
So, Mr Jatayu,
do you want to ride a camel?
Camel?
- Yes.
Wow.
I never thought all of my dreams
would come true like this.
It is the power of telepathy.
Get ready!
I wish I could be
an Arabian camel rider.
Make sure you know
how to get on the camel.
They fold the front legs
and then the hind legs.
And when they get up, it's reverse.
Remember that, and you won't have
problems.
Watch me. I'm getting on.
Topshe, get on.
Are you okay?
- Great!
Lal Mohan, get on. It's very easy.
Are you okay?
Let's go to Ramdeora.
Mr.Singh, once the tires are fixed,
meet us quickly.
Sure thing! I will!
This is fun, Felu!
Make sure he's okay behind you.
Mr Lal Mohan!
Yes?
What is your dream telling you?
It's telling me this is reality.
Where you are sitting...
Yes?
That hump contains
camel's supply of water.
What will become of me
riding this camel?
Do you need a hump too?
I need water!
I'm thirsty.
Felu! Train!
Turn around.
We have to stop that train.
Look! It's them!
Wonderful. Let's go to Ramdeora.
What happened?
- Why?
I saw them on the camels.
Oh no! He is so dangerous!
I told them to go to Barmer.
Yet, they are going to Jaisalmer.
Look. I think they are going
to Ramdeora, the previous station.
They'll catch the night train.
Understand?
I'll drop you there.
Finish your job
and see me in Jaisalmer.
You mean, kill them, right?
Okay.
Hold on! One minute!
- What's the matter?
Listen!
Give me some money,
my pockets are empty!
The glass bottles
cost me all the money.
I need to eat dinner.
Eat?
- Yes! Solid food.
What about drinks?
Energy drinks only.
Don't forget.
Don't mention.
Try to get up.
Get up.
Give me your hand.
Come on, stand up.
Good job! Get up!
There we go! Very good!
What happened?
Did you get a hump too?
No, I'm feeling fine now.
Here, eat some sweets.
- Let me recover some more.
Here, Topshe.
Topshe, keep an eye on the road.
For the taxi, right?
If you see headlights,
immediately go there.
This experience I'm
gaining couldn't even
compare to any of
my adventure stories.
Are you saying your
experiences are over?
No, there are no more camels though.
That's right.
- Then?
Nothing compares to camels.
Dangerous animals.
Eat this. This is what
Aravalli bandits eat.
If I had my weapon now...
Are you listening, Mr Mitter?
I'd feel safe.
That was a very nice dagger.
Does the detective you
write about use daggers?
Prakhar Rudra?
Ask him.
So? Topshe?
Revolver.
What kind of revolver does he use?
A revolver is a revolver,
it has 6 bullets. Bang!
Like this?
This is a Colt .32.
Is this loaded?
This is where
the bullets are loaded. Bang!
This is the trigger.
This is the hammer.
There are many other makes.
Different bores and calibres.
Really?
You should know this.
Otherwise, you may write
about a camel's stomach again.
Mr Jatayu!
Lal Mohan, please get up.
Topshe, the train has arrived.
Topshe, Lal Mohan, get in.
Oh no!
Where are the lights?
The lights aren't working, Felu.
There aren't any bulbs.
- Bandits!
Lal Mohan, look at that wall.
There might be a switch.
Is there?
- Yes.
Yes, got it.
Wonderful. Night light?
This will do.
Topshe, open the beds and sleep.
Lalmohan and you sleep in this side.
I'm going to the other side.
I can go to that side.
- Just do as I say.
I'll sleep here.
- No, sir.
He'll get up early in the morning
and do Yoga. - There's Yoga.
But if someone disturbs us,
I'll take care of that too.
Wow! Your life is so exciting!
After I saw your weapon,
I'm feeling much more protected.
Oh no. There's no lock?
It must be the bandits.
What happened?
Bhabananda's disciple.
Now your game is over.
Get up! Get up!
Come on.
Hands up. Hands up!
Back up!
Do you know what kind
of punishment you'll get?
3 months jail
and then you'll be hanged.
Now tell us.
What happened at Nahargarh fort?
Tell us.
We have four hours.
There is no hurry. Take your time.
What are you doing?
He went into another compartment.
So, Jatayu?
A companion like you
leads to disaster only.
Our enemy is quite strong.
So?
Are there bandits
in Rajasthan or not?
The night isn't over yet.
You don't know
what Mandar Bose is capable of.
Who's there? Get out of the room.
It's reserved.
Hey, you!
Close it!
Yes!
Aren't you Mr Das?
Or is that your alias?
Don't you recognise me?
We've known each other for
a long time. Since Allahabad
in 1962,
do you remember?
Who is screaming?
Hopefully, the problem is solved.
Topshe,
this is the golden fort.
Lal Mohan, get up!
Camels!
Get up! We're in Jaisalmer.
- Oh! We're here?
You wait here.
Come on.
Dr Hajra?
This is my card.
And this is Sudhir's letter for you.
Let's go to the waiting room
and I'll tell you everything.
We want to hear your story too.
- And Mukul?
He's probably somewhere
around this golden fort.
A taxi is supposed to pick us up.
Let's wait for that.
There is no other transportation.
I must say something.
When it comes to taking Mukul
back home safe and sound,
you and I are equally responsible.
Do you recall this, Mukul?
The golden fort!
And your house? Where is it?
There is a city inside the fort.
Really? Okay, let's go.
There is no hidden treasure!
How do you know?
- I've written in my notebook.
Mukul said,
his father was a gem cutter.
That's the reason
he saw expensive gemstones.
That's quite obvious.
Mukul!
What are you doing up there? Mukul!
Come down!
There was a temple. A temple!
Mr Singh! Mr Singh! Stop!
Felu, the cab is here.
We're leaving now, Dr Hajra.
Our belongings are with you.
Get some rest. - Mukul!
I just wish that Mukul
comes back safely.
Good bye.
One more thing.
This might be helpful to you.
This belonged to Mandar Bose.
This is mine!
The temple.
And your house? Your house?
This is Ratan's house.
And this is Giridhari's house.
We used to play Holi here.
This is the road.
What road?
- The road to our house.
Which one is your house?
Over there, on the right side.
Let's go then.
Why are you scaring it?
Why are you scaring the peacock?
Go away! Go away!
Don't kill it!
You are bad! You are a bad man!
Mukul! Mukul!
May I come with you?
Sure.
Mukul!
Topshe, you go cover this side.
I'll be over here.
Mukul!
Good job, Topshe!
You've wasted your time, Bhabananda.
There is no hidden treasure,
whether there is a past life or not.
Mr Singh, catch him.
Let's take him to the police
station. - Very good, sir.
Topshe, look!
That man is being carried away!
Get down, Mukul, we have to go now.
Where are we going?
Where do you want to go?
I want to go home, to Kolkata.
I'll be going there too.
I have to write my 28th book.
Felu, Topshe!
We're all going back to Kolkata.
Topshe, Lal Mohan, you and I.
We'll take you back home safely.